README.md, before:

<!---
RoScotti/RoScotti is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

<h1 align="center"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" alt="Wave GIF" width="40" height="40" /> Hello there, I am Rochelle </h1>
<div align="left">
<p align="left"> You can often find me with my head in the cloud! 😝 <br>I'm a budding Platform Engineer and a hands-on learner focused on building cloud projects to gain even more experience in cloud engineering. I'm excited to apply my skills in GCP/Azure, Terraform, and other tools to create robust and scalable solutions!</p>
</div>
<hr>
<h3 align="left"> 🌐 Socials:</h3>
  <a href="rochellexscott@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Gmail&logo=gmail&label=&color=D14836&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="gmail logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/rochelle-scotti/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=LinkedIn&logo=linkedin&label=&color=0077B5&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="linkedin logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://rochellescott.hashnode.dev/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Hashnode-2962FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=hashnode&logoColor=white" height="35" alt="hashcode logo"/>
  </a>
<hr>
<h3 align="left"> 🛠️ Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p>
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/microsoft_azure/microsoft_azure-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/terraform/terraform-original.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/docker/docker-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/kubernetes/kubernetes-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
</p>

<hr>
<h3 align="left">🏅 My Certifications:</h3>

  [Microsoft Certified: AZ-900 Azure Fundamentals](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/credentials/share/en-us/Rochelle-0483/DCAD7D73ECAE79EF?sharingId=8E90B9F030BA8E0B)  

  [Microsoft Certified: SC-900 Security, Compliance and Identity Fundamentals](https://www.credly.com/badges/a82b3071-7026-4002-8f1c-bb68fe2b58a4/public_url)
  
<hr>

<h3 align="left">✍️ Blog Posts:</h3> 

[How I passed the SC-900 Microsoft Security, Compliance, and Identity Fundamentals exam](https://rochellescott.hashnode.dev/how-i-passed-the-sc-900-microsoft-security-compliance-and-identity-fundamentals-exam)

<hr>

- 🔭 I'm currently working on [GCP-static-website]()

- 🌱 I'm always building my knowledge of **GCP, Azure, Linux, Docker, etc.**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [My GitHub repos](https://github.com/RoScotti?tab=repositories)


- ⚡ Fun fact my nickname is **Scotti**</br>

<hr>

<a href="https://visitcount.itsvg.in">
  <img src="https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=RoScotti&label=Profile%20Views&color=0&icon=0&pretty=false" />
</a>

Commit message:

Update README.md - Add more blog posts

README.md, after:

<!---
RoScotti/RoScotti is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

<h1 align="center"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" alt="Wave GIF" width="40" height="40" /> Hello there, I am Rochelle </h1>
<div align="left">
<p align="left"> You can often find me with my head in the cloud! 😝 <br>I'm a budding Platform Engineer and a hands-on learner focused on building cloud projects to gain even more experience in cloud engineering. I'm excited to apply my skills in GCP/Azure, Terraform, and other tools to create robust and scalable solutions!</p>
</div>
<hr>
<h3 align="left"> 🌐 Socials:</h3>
  <a href="rochellexscott@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=Gmail&logo=gmail&label=&color=D14836&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="gmail logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/rochelle-scotti/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?message=LinkedIn&logo=linkedin&label=&color=0077B5&logoColor=white&labelColor=&style=for-the-badge" height="35" alt="linkedin logo"  />
  </a>
  <a href="https://rochellescott.hashnode.dev/" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Hashnode-2962FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=hashnode&logoColor=white" height="35" alt="hashcode logo"/>
  </a>
<hr>
<h3 align="left"> 🛠️ Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p>
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/google_cloud/google_cloud-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/microsoft_azure/microsoft_azure-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/terraform/terraform-original.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/docker/docker-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
<img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/kubernetes/kubernetes-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" style="margin-right: 15px;"/>
</p>

<hr>
<h3 align="left">🏅 My Certifications:</h3>

  [Microsoft Certified: AZ-900 Azure Fundamentals](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/credentials/share/en-us/Rochelle-0483/DCAD7D73ECAE79EF?sharingId=8E90B9F030BA8E0B)  

  [Microsoft Certified: SC-900 Security, Compliance and Identity Fundamentals](https://www.credly.com/badges/a82b3071-7026-4002-8f1c-bb68fe2b58a4/public_url)
  
<hr>

<h3 align="left">✍️ Blog Posts:</h3> 

- [How I passed the SC-900 Microsoft Security, Compliance, and Identity Fundamentals exam](https://rochellescott.hashnode.dev/how-i-passed-the-sc-900-microsoft-security-compliance-and-identity-fundamentals-exam)
- [How I passed the AZ-900 Azure Fundamentals Exam](https://rochellescott.hashnode.dev/how-i-passed-the-az-900-azure-fundamentals-exam)
- [Ultimate Docker Command List](https://rochellescott.hashnode.dev/ultimate-docker-command-list)
- [Introduction to Terraform](https://rochellescott.hashnode.dev/introduction-to-terraform)
  
[▶️ more blog posts...](https://rochellescott.hashnode.dev/)

<hr>

- 🔭 I'm currently working on [GCP-static-website]()

- 🌱 I'm always building my knowledge of **GCP, Azure, Linux, Docker, etc.**

- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at [My GitHub repos](https://github.com/RoScotti?tab=repositories)


- ⚡ Fun fact my nickname is **Scotti**</br>

<hr>

<a href="https://visitcount.itsvg.in">
  <img src="https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=RoScotti&label=Profile%20Views&color=0&icon=0&pretty=false" />
</a>
